README.md, before:

# PwdVault

<html>
<div style="overflow-x: auto; white-space: nowrap; display: flex; justify-content: left; align-items: left;width: 100%;">
<img src="./assets/layout/screenshot_dark_1.png" alt="drawing" width="200" style="margin-right: 10px;flex: 1;"/>
<img src="./assets/layout/screenshot_light.png" alt="drawing" width="200" style="margin-right: 10px;flex: 1;"/>
<img src="./assets/layout/screenshot_dark_2.png" alt="drawing" width="200" style="flex: 1;">
</div>
</html>

## Overview

PwdVault is a password management application developed in Kotlin for Android devices.
It allows users to securely store and manage their credentials for various platforms.

## Features

- Secure storage of credentials.
- Easy retrieval of stored credentials.
- Ability to add, edit, and delete credentials.
- Dark and light theme support.

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local
machine for development and testing purposes.

You can also download the APK from the [releases](https://github.com/Initdd/PwdVault/releases) page.

### Prerequisites

- Android Studio Koala | 2024.1.1 or later
- JDK 8 or later
- Android SDK

### Installing

1. Clone the repository: `git clone https://github.com/Initdd/PwdVault`
2. Open the project in Android Studio.
3. Run the application on your emulator or real device.

## Built With

- [Kotlin](https://kotlinlang.org/)
- [Gradle](https://gradle.org/)
- [Android Jetpack](https://developer.android.com/jetpack)

## Contributing

You can always contribute to this project by submitting a pull request.

Commit message:

Added the default password to README.md

README.md, after:

# PwdVault

<html>
<div style="overflow-x: auto; white-space: nowrap; display: flex; justify-content: left; align-items: left;width: 100%;">
<img src="./assets/layout/screenshot_dark_1.png" alt="drawing" width="200" style="margin-right: 10px;flex: 1;"/>
<img src="./assets/layout/screenshot_light.png" alt="drawing" width="200" style="margin-right: 10px;flex: 1;"/>
<img src="./assets/layout/screenshot_dark_2.png" alt="drawing" width="200" style="flex: 1;">
</div>
</html>

## Overview

PwdVault is a password management application developed in Kotlin for Android devices.
It allows users to securely store and manage their credentials for various platforms.

## Features

- Secure storage of credentials.
- Easy retrieval of stored credentials.
- Ability to add, edit, and delete credentials.
- Dark and light theme support.

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local
machine for development and testing purposes.

You can also download the APK from the [releases](https://github.com/Initdd/PwdVault/releases) page.

> ![Note]
> the default password for the application is `123`

### Prerequisites

- Android Studio Koala | 2024.1.1 or later
- JDK 8 or later
- Android SDK

### Installing

1. Clone the repository: `git clone https://github.com/Initdd/PwdVault`
2. Open the project in Android Studio.
3. Run the application on your emulator or real device.

## Built With

- [Kotlin](https://kotlinlang.org/)
- [Gradle](https://gradle.org/)
- [Android Jetpack](https://developer.android.com/jetpack)

## Contributing

You can always contribute to this project by submitting a pull request.
